Every journey must start somewhere, and this blog is a start of a personal journey for me to share more, mostly code and tech, but other topics as well. I hope to grow as a writer during this process, which has been a struggle of mine and to help others learn along the way.

I could've made life easy on myself and just used an online service to blog. Instead, I've chosen to create my own using [ASP.Net Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/) to get more exposure to it since my day job primarily focuses on content management systems (CMS) using the older ASP.Net Framework.

So far the features I have for this blog are:
* A blog repository with basic abstractions; implementations use a JSON file store, with blog contents stored in markdown files using a convention of matching JSON file name to markdown filename.
* Blog tagging and listing by tags.
* Url rewriting middleware to support canonical linking for blogs, which rewrites the request path if an incoming url matches a blogs canonical url.
* Blog filtering, to only show blog that are in a published state. 

Things I'd like to add one day would be:
* Comments, which to solve this one, I think may require a database, or 3rd party system.
* Database to store blogs with a proper implementation not stored in memory.
* Blog preview filtering to list blogs in draft and published stated, while working locally.
* Searching blogs
* Blog feed syndication

The website for the blog itself uses MVC with some simple controllers and other content. I'm finding the hardest parts for me are figuring out a layout that I like using [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/) and writing the content for the site. I can play in the code all day long but not very helpful if I don't share it with others. Speaking of the code its all available on my [GitHub](https://github.com/bmcdavid) page, for any interested in how I've done things. There are also other projects there that I will share my thoughts on later. 

Finally, as my oldest girl says every morning I take her to school as we open the garage door, Hello, World!